chore(HTTP): Reword intro para in Referer header article for clarity (#21681)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/referer/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The **`Referer`** HTTP request header contains an absolute or partial address from which a resource has been requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Referer`** HTTP request header contains the absolute or partial address from which a resource has been requested.
```

> The `Referer` header allows a server to identify where requests (typically users) are originating or where requested resources are being used.

Reviewer: FWIW IMO this is even less clear than the original. In particular "where requests (typically users)" doesn't mean much to me. I'd advise you read the spec, but that really doesn't help - all it says is what the referer "is not".

@teoli2003 Might have some practical experience that would allow us to improve this.

Author: Taking another shot, what do you think about this:

```suggestion
The `Referer` header allows a server to identify referring pages that people are visiting from or where requested resources are being used.
```

Reviewer: It is certainly better :-). Again though, I'd like @teoli2003 opinion.

Why? When you read the spec there are all sorts of little examples that don't make much sense to me. So I wonder if it is "as simple as all this". If it is, this is probably good.

Reviewer 2: I think the second proposal for line 16 is ok. (The first for line 15 is, too).

Note that I try to avoid dangling preposition (_visiting from_), as some non-native readers have trouble with them, but I think it is ok in this case as they are next to each other.
